Ming Ge
Knife, you want to scare me, Knife
Hello
Why are you in my bed?
Take advantage of me
We are now legally married
What's wrong in bed?
Are you saying this is impossible for us to deal with the elderly?
Why are you talking so much nonsense?
The beautiful woman president of Sun Group has taken a fancy to you
I haven't been there, and you're still talking about it here.
Are you sure you want to join the special department of the finance department?
You are my husband
Can be refused
Still embarrassing
Sure it's good
Nice
Okay Bai Jie
Come in.
What is Mr. Sun's order?
He is Chen Xiaodao
Now take him to the finance department
Isn't this your new husband, Mr. Sun?
Will it be a bit subservient to go to the finance department?
Let you go, you go
By the way, don't tell the outside world that he is my husband
I'm afraid of making trouble.
I understand. Please follow me.
Mr. Gao, please raise your hand and let me go
Wang Shaofeng, why is he here?
Why did he kneel down to Gao Ming?